today our goal is to meet the next host
of The Daily Show Trevor Noah
and be the first guest on his show that
is not yet started and our date turned
out to be a lot crazier than we thought
we got tickets to his show a market
speaker hosted by Jeff Ross and we got
into the official after-party we had set
an absolutely impossible goal for the
day but we started by preparing a set of
questions we wanted him to ask us you
made a sign with the misspelled name of
the show we started planning Trevor Noah
is in Montreal for the Just for Laughs
comedy festival it happens every year in
July and attracts some of the biggest
comedians in the world as for many of
our big episodes we began the day with
an email reached out to his press
secretary who answered within an hour
but as always so I had sent an email
this morning to Travers press secretary
and she just responded to me saying that
Trevor is unable to participate so good
news is Project 30 does not take no for
an answer so still gonna do it but for
once in this show we had a connection
this YouTube channel was initially
started in the class at McGill
University taught by the founder of the
Just for Laughs festival
Andy Norman and we were hoping he could
give us clues on how to reach Trevor hey
Andy how you doing thank you I also had
a last question so have you heard of
Trevor Noah Wilson fell to United Drive
okay let me talk and just say don't help
me out here and I have naked pictures of
they'll all laugh at that okay wait
naked pictures of hoop oh yes greenberg
Andy you are absolutely amazing all
right have a good one bye all right for
once
one of our first phone calls resulted in
the big leap for you tripping Oh had
some South Africa and a more
10 in high school there in 2010 and has
been a fan of his ever since this is a
dream man this is a dream come true we
were on our way to see Trevor play this
limo
stress is high but hopes are higher
let's do it
Vegas me gonna be very hard for all of
us to get in yeah especially with the
camera in the backpack and a paper in a
notebook
spit up in two groups amar and I were
gonna try to meet Trevor while Matt and
Darrin were gonna try to get three
tickets to his show I'm gonna try and
find these which I find a guy that looks
like the boss here and be like I need a
pass where can I prove it just look like
pork yeah Matt is off in his direction
and on our side we arrived at the
building we hope will take us backstage
and both amar and I are absolutely
terrified
it's just you told us to tell you guys
not to kill us okay
and that that's right we have a kill
send you guys naked pictures of Jim yes
that's the password as my friend of mine
I said where's my mind Thomas Thomas and
so I know this rehearsing right now he's
actually just finished on the other side
matt is making questionable progress he
seems to have walked into some office
building he does not belong to liked
Ellen passes are to be picked up in
another building he leaves and all hope
now relies on us on our sign we were
waiting for security to see if trevor
was available
and we spotted trip but his agent was
there and would not let us film nor
mention anything remotely related to The
Daily Show
but Trevor heard how awesome our viewers
were and still wanted to say hi guys
never know next host of The Daily Show
it's with us that's you met that's you
what phone is this it's an iPhone 6 I
look weird
this is YouTube it is a welcome to you
know YouTube you've got some fans on
YouTube I believe 5 fans on YouTube
knows all of you about youth oh I got a
606 know why you thumbs down and you
don't even it's not even just I don't
thumbs down yourself I want those thumbs
down yourself we met Trevor but never
got on the DHA and when we got back we
got some good news
Trevor Noah's on a 945 he's at the laser
show the security guards had been freely
enough to add us to a list of seat
fillers and we had three new tickets to
see Trevor's show we walk in through a
special entrance and the show was now on
please
you
Jeff Ross aka the king of roasts was a
guest on the show and Ammar volunteered
to be speed roasted
what's going on how long have you been
on the no-fly list
Mar what you do home
I'm stood what he study you're not
starting to be a pilot
I say Seibel oh sorry
you're cool guy what's up in signify I
think I didn't realize we lost the
fancier city be pissed off
we found out where the artists
after-party would be and met a ton of
comedians we couldn't record people at
the party but Hasan Minhaj from The
Daily Show recognized amar while we were
going up to him
not
we ended another exciting day but as
project 30 never gives up we're
launching the hashtag get 32 trouble to
get it Twitter and Instagram and help us
get to the Daily Show
see you tomorrow probably gets
everything they want